== The.js, the small, fast javascript-framework for newer Browsers

The.js is a javascript-framework for new Browsers only with a special look for mobile-support 

Target browsers ars:

* chrome 8
* safari 5
* firefox 4
* ie9
* opera 11
* and as many mobile browsers as possible

= The global "The"-Object:
	
  The('myElement'): get elements by id

  The(fn):
    applay a function to make a proper namespace for your code and plugins:
    The(function($){
      $.yourCode = here
    })
	 
	
  window.$ === window.The
	
  ready(fn): ( The.ready(fn) ) document is loaded
  ext(a,b): extend object "a" with object "b"
  wait(fn,millisec): same as window.setTimeout() but returns a function you can call to clear the timeout 
  extEl(obj): extend Elements and an NodeLists
  fn(): a functions who retruns its argument
  use(lib,cb,target,supports): 
      include a lib "lib" (without the extension .js), if it not exists 
      and call the callback, "target" is the object who will supports "support" 
      if the lib is loaded (to indicate if its loaded).
      On default, the lib is in the same directory as the The.js-Script, 
      "target" is window and supports is the same as "lib"

= Element functions:

  is(selector): returns false or the element itself if it matches the selector
  el(selector): get the first child element matching the selector
  els(selector): get all child Element matching the selector
  rm(): remove ths element

  css(name,value): set or get ths a css property

  hsCl(class): checks a class name
  adCl(class): adds a class name
  rmCl(class): removes a class name

  on(type, function): add an event listener and remove a function you can call to remove the event listener
  no(type, function): removes an event listener
  dlg(selector, type, function): make event delegation
  fire(type): triggers an event	

  prv(selector,incMe): returns the previous Element. 
	    If selector is defined ths first Element matching it. 
      If incMe defined it tests the selector also for the node itself. 
  nxt(selector,incMe): returns the next Element. Other attributes see "prv()"
  p(selector,incMe): returns the parentNode. Other attributes see "prv()"
  fst(selector): returns the first Element-Child. "selector" see "prv()"
  lst(selector): returns the last Element-Child.  "selector" see "prv()"
  ch(selector): returns the child-elements. If selector is defined only childs witch matched the selector

= Function functions:
  each(): 
      return a function that calls itself over all its instance-properties
  rThis():
      return a function that returns its instance if it returns nothing (undefined)
  ignoreUntil(min,max):
      waits for the execution of the function (min) and then 
      executes the last call, but waits maximal (max) millisecunds if max is set
  args():
      returns the function with defined arguments
	  
= String functions:
  camelize(): returns a camelized string for use in css
  contains(string,[separator]): checks if the string contains the string passed 
  rpl(): shot for replace()

= help!

Help improve it, make plugins and fork it on github!!

Have a nice day!
